# Module-2-Response-Questions

Have you ever sat down with one of the librarians to get help finding something? Consider the knowledge and labour involved not just with finding materials, but in making materials findable in the first place. Make an entry in your blog that reflects on these questions in the light of your annotations.

There has been many occasions where I would receive aid from librarians whether is was a book number, enlistment of certain books, or where I could re-new checked out items. I have spent many hours in libraries, due to the fact that my mom was a librarian for many years. I have gotten the chance to go behind the scenes to see what librarians spend their time doing and how they help customers (like I am). One instance, I visited UOttawa for a book that was available at the Carleton library. When I asked a librarian for a specific title, they not only directed me to where the book was but assisted me there. It was a moment of satisfaction; no confusion, no time lost and I had received the book with ease. The labor and knowledge in finding and knowing specific titles is of a great importance when it comes to the subject of education. Crowdsourcing could be potentially beneficial to libraries, in achieving data in different ways for a more diverse audience, demonstrating the value and relevance of the library all while improving the quality of data and/or resource for those who use it. However, I believe crowdsourcing relates to the concept of ‘open innovation’- breakthrough ideas being shared with a wider community instead of being closed of and shared within a smaller community. Despite the forward technology and modernization behind this concept, I believe that it has a high amount of risks and constraints rather than being beneficial to researchers, editors, annotators and so on. Many people believe that open innovation is a great tool to crowdsource solutions for innovation for corporations. Open innovation can bring new opportunities to the market, however this process could be potentially dangerous to a company’s reputation and it does not guarantee results. A big risk for potential results? Opening a company’s valuable privacy to the public does not seem like a valuable strategy. When I research on crowdsourcing data it refers to crowdsourced data collection gains popularity because its cheap and convenient. This is the main reason why I find crowdsourcing unreliable. Cutting corners is never beneficial to a company. Librarians, editors and annotators deserve their jobs and their recognition because we need specific people to obtain and edit information. 
